A shunen bride in the hedgerows.
Little faces looking up at you.
Eternity.
A mixed blessing, invisible by seeds, yet harmful by spores.
Forcing.
The eye of the day opens in the morning.
Causing the very death of you.
The first to appear, like a blushing bride in the hedgerows.
A mixed blessing, invisible with the seeds, yet harmful by spores.
The eye of the day opens in the morning.
The eye of the day opens.
The first to appear like a touching bride in the hedge-room.
Little faces looking up at me.
Mixed blessing, invisible by seers but harmful by spirit.
The eye of the day opens in the morning.
The first to appear like a blushing bride in the hedge-room.
Little faces looking up at you.
Mixed blessing, invisible by seers but harmful by spore.
The eye of the day opens in the morning.